Add missing bugfixes in release notes for 0.6.0 (#72)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler: release-notes/0.6.0.rst

  - Only an option, as a string value: Transpilation will be done priorizating this element and then the rest of the options
  - Several options, as a list: Transpilation will be done only with the specified elements (`67 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/pull/67>`__)
- Enabling `coupling_map` as options to the AI Synthesis passes (`70 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/pull/70>`__)

Bug fixes
---------

> - Keep trying getting result even in case of HTTPError exception with status 520 (`52 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/pull/52>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep trying to get results even in case of HTTPError exception with status 520 (`52 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/pull/52>`__)
```

> - Fixing the type of ECR gates when loading circuits from the qiskit transpiler service (`63 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/pull/63>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixing the type of ECR gates when loading circuits from the Qiskit Transpiler Service (`63 <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-transpiler/pull/63>`__)
```

Reviewer 2: Should it be `Qiskit IBM Transpiler` instead of `Qiskit Transpiler Service`?

Reviewer: No, the service itself is called Qiskit Transpiler Service. Only the client is qiskit-ibm-transpiler. This is like how the service is Qiskit Runtime but the client is qiskit-ibm-runtime.
